Your Highness.
What has happened again?
The Emperor has made Consort Rong a Noble Consort today.
She has now moved to the Xianfu Palace.
Tomorrow, you should personally visit.
Yes.
I pay my respects to the Emperor.
I pay my respects to the Empress Dowager.
Please, rise quickly, Consort.
Look at the Emperor’s unworthy appearance.
Why did the Empress Dowager call us here so early?
Second Prince.
I heard that Consort Rong was promoted to Noble Consort yesterday.
I knew this move was aimed at me yesterday.
After hearing what the Empress Dowager said,
I was enlightened.
I suggested that we first make Consort Rong a Noble Consort.
That would make everything reasonable.
The Empress Dowager’s foresight is commendable.
Now you’re starting to play games with me, hmph.
The Emperor has good insight.
However, I summoned you here today
to inform you about the ceremony concerning Wang Mo Mo.
The Empress Dowager has already dealt with the matters regarding who.